
The fact is that time is a dimension. We know this due to the Doppler effect and relativity, but the Doppler effect observed through time dilation is the easiest to comprehend. In classical physics, time dilation via gravity wells is formed by a body of mass which creates a gravity in space and bends both space and time, like a ball on a blanket, it creates an indent around it. This is known as a gravity well, and the resulting displacement of time, or stretching of time is known as time dilation. The idea of time dilation has many implications for technology, from allowing for travel through space at astonishing rates, to allowing for computing that takes hundreds of years far surpassing the human lifetime to happen at a faster rate of time than our own.

Sadly, with this, we encounter an issue. Our current time dilation amount given the gravity well created by both the Earth and Sun is quite low. This is, of course, in a cosmic sense when compared to the Doppler displacement on other celestial bodies. Yet my thought is not simply on the essence of dilation but the utilization for a mode of travel through time. There are three ways to achieve a time dilation effect; you must either have a sum of matter, a sum of energy, or some speed, as seen in Einstein's theory of special relativity. Yet with recent discoveries, we must understand that there is a new player in this game. This player is the existence of negative mass, or a mass that functions in the inverse to classical mass. This means that while a planet crafted of standard mass causes time dilation in a positive sense, one of negative would cause time dilation in the opposite way. Now think of time as a field not a plane. Imagine time as if it was filling the galaxy like rubber; it can be elastic in a 3D dimension and should never overlap, yet can be stretched and displaced. So with negative matter, we have the ability to now speed up and slow down time, or theoretically stop our reference of time.

Now with this, let's imagine that time can also be pressed backward in a way, that time can now in the 3D of geometric dimensions be folded, although time in itself is more of a 4D creation. This would mean that there is in fact a way to go backward in time, as you could fold time backward in space enough to cause overlap in some sense. Overlap in space that when you escape its field effects would propel you further in time, and when in pair with a negative mass backward in time potentially, now there is an arc of convergence meaning that once an event as such is triggered by a combination of positive and negative matter, there will be 2 and only 2 convergence points unless more are specifically created and engineered. This is still a theory, but by simply testing a combination at the quantum level of antimatter and standard mass, and understanding time as a 3D geometric structure, and not simply a planar figure allows it to be understood much more easily.
